Karim and Ola are meeting for the first time in a cafe. A mutual friend set them up on a blind date. Karim is already waiting for her inside the cafe. Ola walks in and looks around to find him. Karim sees her and waves his hand and says hello.
Lebanese Arabic Transcript and English Contextual Translation
Karim: Hi Ola.
Ola: Hello Karim. How did you recognize me?
Karim: I saw you looking around when you walked in, so I expected it might be you.
Ola: I am glad you recognized me.
Karim: It is a pleasure to meet you. How are you?
Ola: Nice to meet you too. I am fine and you?
Karim: I am fine, but this is the first time I meet a girl this way.
Ola: Same here. But honestly, when friends insist, it is done. There is no escape.
Karim: You are right. There is no way out.
Karim: I have been ‘Alaa’s friend since we were little. He knows me more than my parents do.
Ola: And I am ‘Alaa’s relative.
Karim: So, since ‘Alaa knows us both very well, I think he thought it would be good for us if we meet.
Ola: And here we are.
Karim: Tell me about you, what do you do?
Ola: I am a school principal.
Ola: And what do you do?
Karim: I work in a bank. I am head of customer service department.
Ola: Ohhhh! This means you endure a lot the customers’ nagging.
Karim: Haha. My work is not how people imagine it. I supervise the employees who are in direct contact with the customers, and I intervene if there is a necessity. This does not happen often, because my team is the best team and they have the best supervisor! I am just kidding.
Ola: How humble of you! How long have you been working at the bank?
Karim: 15 years! They passed by so fast.
Ola: Indeed, time flies.
Karim: Hmm … How old are you Ola?
Ola: I am 30 years old and you?
Karim: I am 35 years old.
Karim: So, tell me more about you. What are your hobbies, and what do you do in your spare time?
Ola: Ever since I was a little girl, I loved horseback riding. I do horseback riding every weekend. In my free time at home, I watch movies or read. And what are your hobbies?
Ola: Nice, you seem to be a calm person. By the way, horseback riding is not hard. If you like, you can come with me one day to the horse club.
Karim: I wish. I would love to.
Ola: Done. We will agree on a day and go. We can do it next weekend also on Saturday or Sunday.
Karim: Agreed. Can I have your number so we can communicate to agree on the day and how to meet?
Ola: My number is 03/32484436.
Ola: And are you happy with your choice?
Karim: Yes, I am happy because I love my work and my life in general.
Ola: Well that’s the most important thing.
Karim: Do you have other plans for today?
Ola: I promised to meet my friends in a nearby place after an hour. You are welcome if you would like to come with me.
Karim: No, it is ok. I would not want to bother. Maybe you want to spend time with your friends.
Ola: No no… Not at all. There is no problem. My friends do not mind, and they are nice.
Karim: Perfect. I will join for a little while.
Karim: To gain time, let us order. What do you think?
Ola: Sure, and I know what I want.
Karim: Should I call the waiter?
Ola: Sure. We are ready to order.
Comprehension Questions (try to answer the questions while speaking out loud to yourself and using full sentences in Lebanese Arabic)
How would you summarize this episode?
How did Karim identify Ola at the restaurant?
How did Karim and Ola end up on a date?
What are Karim and Ola’s hobbies?
What details did Karim and Ola share about their careers?